README.md, before:

# Comprehensive Final Project
Built using Microsoft Azure, this project consists of 6 VMs, including two target machines, a Ubuntu machine, a Kali Linux machine, an ELK Stack machine, and a HyperV machine, to carry out multiple exploits, followed by a comprehensive report including a hardening recommendation for the vulnerable machine. Additionally, this project required the use of Wireshark for network analysis and the use of Kibana to set up comprehensive monitoring and logging.

This project focused on using the following skills to first exploit a system and then write a report for the exploited system:

- Penetration testing with Kali Linux.

- Log and incident analysis and monitoring with Kibana.

- Network analysis with Wireshark.

- System hardening and configuration.

- Reporting, documentation, and communication.


<br />

🔗 The full report outlining all of the Red Team, Blue Team, and Networking details can be viewed by clicking this [link](https://github.com/juliannatetreault/Cyber-Final-Project/blob/main/Presentation/final_engagement_presentation.pdf) or the slide deck image below:

<br />

[![Final Engagement Slide Deck - Image of First Slide](https://github.com/juliannatetreault/Cyber-Final-Project/blob/main/Images/final_engagement_image.png)](https://github.com/juliannatetreault/Cyber-Final-Project/blob/main/Presentation/final_engagement_presentation.pdf)

Commit message:

Adds summary file links to the README

README.md, after:

# Comprehensive Final Project
Built using Microsoft Azure, this project consists of 6 VMs, including two target machines, a Ubuntu machine, a Kali Linux machine, an ELK Stack machine, and a HyperV machine, to carry out multiple exploits, followed by a comprehensive report including a hardening recommendation for the vulnerable machine. Additionally, this project required the use of Wireshark for network analysis and the use of Kibana to set up comprehensive monitoring and logging.

This project focused on using the following skills to first exploit a system and then write a report for the exploited system:

- Penetration testing with Kali Linux.

- Log and incident analysis and monitoring with Kibana.

- Network analysis with Wireshark.

- System hardening and configuration.

- Reporting, documentation, and communication.

<br />

🔗 Individual summary files for each portion of the project can be found by clicking on the files' link:
- 🔺 Red Team Summary of Operations [link](https://github.com/juliannatetreault/Cyber-Final-Project/blob/main/Summaries/red_team_summary_of_operations.pdf)

- 🔹 Blue Team Summary of Operations [link](https://github.com/juliannatetreault/Cyber-Final-Project/blob/main/Summaries/blue_team_summary_of_operations.pdf)

- ▪️ Network Analysis Summary of Operations [link](https://github.com/juliannatetreault/Cyber-Final-Project/blob/main/Summaries/network_analysis_summary_of_operations.pdf)

<br />

🔗 The full report outlining all of the Red Team, Blue Team, and Networking details can be viewed by clicking this [link](https://github.com/juliannatetreault/Cyber-Final-Project/blob/main/Presentation/final_engagement_presentation.pdf) or the slide deck image below:

<br />

[![Final Engagement Slide Deck - Image of First Slide](https://github.com/juliannatetreault/Cyber-Final-Project/blob/main/Images/final_engagement_image.png)](https://github.com/juliannatetreault/Cyber-Final-Project/blob/main/Presentation/final_engagement_presentation.pdf)
